update docs for org-scoped API keys (#339)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/observability-quickstart.mdx

If you're using Anthropic, use the [Anthropic wrapper](/langsmith/annotate-code#wrap-the-anthropic-client-python-only) to trace your calls. For other providers, use [the traceable wrapper](/langsmith/annotate-code#use-%40traceable-%2F-traceable).

> For API keys scoped to more than one workspace, add LANGSMITH_WORKSPACE_ID to the environment variables to specify the workspace being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your LangSmith API key is linked to multiple workspaces, set the `LANGSMITH_WORKSPACE_ID` environment variable to specify which workspace to use.
```

what do you think?
